doc: release notes: add release notes entries for ARM Cortex-M (#25691)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-2.3.rst

* ARM:

>   * CMSIS is moved out of the main tree and resides in its own standalone module repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * CMSIS has been moved out of the main tree and now resides in its own standalone module repository
```

  * Cleanups and improvements to the Cortex-M exception vector table

>   * Fix the behavior of Cortex-M spurious IRQ handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed the behavior of Cortex-M spurious IRQ handler
```

>   * Fix parsing of Cortex-M MemManage Stacking Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed parsing of Cortex-M MemManage Stacking Errors
```

>   * Fix arch_cpu_idle() implementation for Cortex-M and Cortex-R

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed the arch_cpu_idle() implementation for Cortex-M and Cortex-R
```
